I am vengeance, I am the night, I am Batman
All men have limits. They learn what they are and learn not to exceed them. I ignore mine.
The first truth of Batman… It had to be one I didn’t like to admit.The gunshots left me alone. For years I was alone in the echoing dark of that well. But something else defined the exact moment Batman was born. The First Truth of Batman… The saving grace. I was never alone. I had help.
A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a little boy’s shoulders to let him know that the world hadn’t ended.
your anger gives you great power. But if you let it, it will destroy you… As it almost did me
Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded
If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can’t stop you, then you become something else entirely…
Tell your friends tell all your friends I AM THE KNIGHT.
There is a difference between you and me. We both looked into the abyss, but when it looked back at us… you blinked.
I am not Bruce Wayne. But when lives were lost … and the entire city was at stake … I did what Batman had to do. I acted as the Dark Knight. To the best of my abilities – I became him. And I succeeded. Not at Dick Grayson. And not as Bruce Wayne. But as Batman.
I’ve worked so hard to gain their respect, they sometimes forget I’m flesh and blood
In my attempts to see clearly in the deepest dark, in my efforts to go to the still eye in the storm of madness, did I open myself to some pure source of evil? Did I finally reach the limits of reason? And find the Devil waiting? And was that fear in his eyes?
Without warning, it comes…crashing through the window of your study, and mine…I have seen it before…somewhere. It frightened me as a boy… frightened me. Yes, father. I shall become a bat.
It’s not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me.
Well, today I found out what Batman can’t do. He can’t endure this. Today, you get to say “I told you so.”
Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded
You’ll hunt me. You’ll condemn me. Set the dogs on me. Because that’s what needs to happen. Because sometimes truth isn’t good enough. Sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded.
I’m whatever Gotham needs me to be.
I won’t kill you, but I don’t I have to save you.
A hero can be anyone, even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat on a young boy’s shoulders to let him know the world hadn’t ended.









